;;render unicode, specifically japanese
;; ->use vecto or something. the super fast text grid might be overkill.
;; -> tack on unicode characters after rendering to the super fast text grid?
;;be able to reload lem without errors
;; -> actually just never close lem. figuring out how to tear it down and up again seems too hard for now.
;;fix wide characters for ncurses-clone
;; -> for now, it just renders placeholders
;;does lem have line wrapping?
;; -> seemingly, no, the line wrapping feature of ncurses is not used?
;;cursor position is based on character widths?
;;but window position is not?
;;character width depends on where it is? tab?
;;add selecting regions with the mouse?

;;lem has lexcial variables found in lem.lisp that are named "once" which set only once. disable?
;;FIXME::what is stdscr supposed to do? is it transparent?

;;FIXME::correctly render the vertical bar between windows
;;FIXME::when characters overwrite wide characters
;;FIXME::resolution blurry when width thin and height tall
;;FIXME::don't use 'virtual window', use *std-scr*?

;;Noob mode-> z undo x delete c copy v paste keys, region selecting with the mouse

;;FIXME::multithreading problems? lem send-event?
;;just got rid of lem:send-event and called in the same thread. multithreading problem?
;;FIXME::lisp repl flashing when entering on the last char?
;;FIXME::off center mouse pointer
;;FIXME::The control button does not seem to work on windows

;;FIXME::This seems to be a lem rendering bug.
;;if you mark a region, scroll down with the point until the region fills the screen,
;;then up again, on the first line the whole screen will be highlighted
;;see:
;;https://github.com/cxxxr/lem/pull/374/commits/e16af46a658c289d27a0919808c4ac14c8948104

;;FIXME::get rid of ncurses-color pairs. Just store the foreground and background
;;8 bits char, 8 fg, 8 bg, 1 reverse 1 bold 1 underline = 27 bits, 30 bit fixnum of
;;32 bit lisp machines

;;FIXME::lem bug where moving the cursor to a long, wrapping line causes
;;the beginning of the line to be forced into view. Then scrolling down with the cursor,
;;the cursor can leave the screen. Scrolling on wrapping lines causes window to jump up

;;FIXME::improper window draggin when 3 or more divisions
;;FIXME::still improper window dragging. has to do with window tree structure?